A note received while vacationing. I’m staying in a Airbnb in Alicante and have came back to see this stuck to the door. We have been here 5 days and have barely been inside because we spent most of the days out seeing the city and at the beach. Do the residents of Alicante dislike tourists or is this a bit more personal? And should I be concerned? I don’t know how the people of Alicante feel on this matter.


We love u tho ❤️ 


Thank you. Love from Ireland 😘😘 


Chica lo fi española 


Spain stands with Ukraine 


"Quarantine won't take that long". Quarantine: 


Please send help 


Im 4 parallel universes ahead of you... 


Definitely roasted 


What a nice fellow 


Digital nomads: Don't come to Spain! It's a joke!  I love it here!


New Ireland flag 


Christmas is over! 


Spain is full of criminals!!! 


imo 


European Spanish does NOT have a lisp. 


Every year I hate summer a bit more 


trenes extremeños 


Olé tu coño 


Ibáñez just passed away and I wanted to share my favorite panel, rest in peace Francisco 


Spanish People Everywhere 


Gooooooool!!!⚽️🇪🇸🤴🏻  


Ilustracion de España en estilo de Mario Bros 


Madrid: January vs April 


Básicamente 


Hello, I am an American trying to identify Spain; is this map correct? 


Spain's"third places" are amongst the best of the world 


Imagine looking at your newborn daughter and think: yes, Pains, like her mother. 


Are Spaniards happier or is it just me. 


Chinese shuttler He Bingjiao carries Spanish flag badge onto the podium after her Spanish semifinal opponent's withdrawal due to injury 


Mythical Beasts of the Iberian Peninsula [oc] 


Most popular names for female newborns 1920-2020 


Dolores 


Simplemente España 


a mimir 


España: Campeón del Mundo 


My girlfriend is missing Spain. Here is a Guiri's attempt and a Tortilla de Patatas 


La comedia del año 


Our new conquest! Image from Viceroyality of New Spain Memes


Valencia ahora mismo  


Tell me you’re in Spain without telling me you’re in Spain 📍Poblenou, Metro


Me this summer stuck quarantining since my Spain trip got cancelled 


Ya empezamos  


"Spanish' history is boring" 


Por mi parte confirmo 


Historia de España: Nadal anuncia su retirada 💔 Vale que era de esperar, pero me da una pena tremendaaaa. Vamos Rafa 💪


"Cultura" en España 2023. Sacar a un toro a la plaza para matar a las vaquillas. Barbastro, Aragón. (@elarcadesanti) 


Practicing subtitle making. I leave you with a classic of Spanish TV. 


My friend made this for my Spanish ass 


Cultural Appropriation 


Spanish Police (Guardia Civil) saving a dog from a frozen lake 


A veces ni nos damos cuenta de lo precioso que es nuestro país. 


True story ... 


Al volver de mercadona 


Alcazar de Segovia, parece sacado de un cuento!  


Barcelona.. 


Trump visits Spain. 


Feliz día de la Hispanidad 


Murcia está siendo consumida por la lava y solo CBS lo sabe 


La realidad más triste. 😣 


Calma down, potato. 


Spain in pain 


Madrid's pollution levels plummeted so drastically that you can now see the Sagrada Familia! :-0 #VamosEspaña 


The British have done it again... Potato, egg, onion.... And Coconut?!


Literal (@historia.universal_ en tiktok, gracias :D) 


Ronda, Málaga, España. 


most american thing i've ever seen/la cosa mas americana que he visto nunca 


"I went to a foreign country and there were too many foreigners" 


Facts... 


Hello ! I created a map of Galicia inspired by Super Mario World. I hope you'll like it ! 


Evil quijote be like 


Spain 


¿Cuándo vamos a prohibir esto¿ 


Estoy annoyed 


La Palma hace un rato. 


Para dejarlo claro de una vez por todas... 


When the bar lady calls you guapo 


Fuiste un referente en internet y una gran figura española para los memes internacialmente. Descansa en paz El Risitas 


Interesante... 


We are building Spain in Minecraft at a 1:1 scale! This is the Cathedral of Santa Maria in Palma de Mallorca. We are working to build the entirety of the Iberian Peninsula (and related islands) 1:1 scale in Minecraft! 


en mercadona por 0.90€ 


Fun Fact: It is 40% safer to live in Spain than New Zealand, and 83% safer than USA. 


No one... 


Crazy fires in Spain right now 


SPAIN LIFT THE EURO 2024 TROPHY 


Una escultura del rey emérito con un rifle de caza irrumpe en la Puerta del Sol 


Spain has world's #1 streamer. 


People of Valencia  


Sí, cenamos un pelín tarde. 


I feel bonita. Un poco random y un poco gay, pero como es 🏳️‍🌈 Pride Month, aqui teneis un Spain Appreciation Video.


Muy Simple... 


Efectivamente 


Albarracin, Spain 


Se va de madre... 


You can be bezos or musk. However, you cannot be julio because is in a different league and money doesn't buy this. 


Lo encontré por ahí (no soy español) 


Velocidad promedio de los trenes de Europa. 


Na de locos 


Hora de poner las cartas sobre la mesa 


Spanish vegans be like 


Iberia unificada por fin 


España ayer en Eurovision después del voto del jurado 


I made a handmade action figure tribute to an iconic piece of Spanish art. 


Que tributo más bonito. Si es que cuando queremos somos cojonudos. 


Rescatistas mexicanos ''Topos Azteca'' llegan para ayudar en Valencia. 


I had no idea Paella Man was even a thing.  


fun fact 


Cuando Siri y Google se encuentran por la calle 


Vosotras, vosotros, VOSOTRES 


Los países más saludables para vivir. 


Spain Fighter (@eldiadelpalo, Twitter) 


Happy Fiesta Nacional people of Spain, greetings from the Netherlands. I will keep your flag on my desk today : ) 


Northern Spain is magical. 


Lo que pasa cuando traduces con el traductor de Google 


A map of Spain I drew for my Spanish teacher as a leaving present 


Gente, no existimos 


Cambian la hora solo pa joder. 


Flying from the south of Spain to the north  I loved seeing the changes in landscape on my recent flight from Alicante to Santiago de Compostela! 


why would they 


Thank you for inventing churros 


Let’s ruin this magnificent architectural masterpiece to sell some stupid phones 


Hola amigos! English speaking artist here. I present to you my hand drawing of your country's coat of arms. It took me 2 1/4 days to sketch and color it. 


I recreated Spain in Minecraft, as part of a fully playable map of Europe I've made using satellite data, 1:230 scale. 


Mi gatito nuevo, necesito nombres Soy de suecia y quiero unos nombres para mi gato. Es una embra. Alomejor un nombre español xd


I'm shocked and sad. Climate change cannot be denied anymore. We need a global pact now. I'm Italian and I'm truly shocked and sad for what's happening in the close towns near Valencia. First of all I want to give a hug to all the people directly and indirectly involved in this tragedy. And I ask you to share in the comments an official way to donate.

The picture I have posted is a picture from Emilia Romagna, a region in Italy. Rivers flooded and here is the results. 
The situation is far worse in Valencia, but the causes are similar. Yes, something went wrong, spanish and italian politicians are responsible, but we can't ignore climate change anymore. The number of violent atmospheric phenomenons is increasing.

We need to reduce CO2 globally. 
- Energy sector is responsible for 40% of CO2 emissions globally. We have to promote a mixed combination between nuclear energy and renewable energy. 
I was skeptical about nuclear energy, but it's necessary. Technology has improved since Chernobyl. We are 8 billions. 
- We must reduce intensive animal farming, encouraging to cultivate meat in labs. 
- We must protect and preserve our forests and environments. We must plant rees. 

I encourage everyone to be aware and vote politicians who look at environmental problems.
Take care.


<コ:彡 


Harsh but fair 


Alquilar in Spain be like: 


Spain is as beautiful as it sound... Can you Guess this place 😍😍


Cuando llevas tu Charmander a curarse a Pokemon España 


Percentage of people who can hold a conversation in Spanish 


Castilian Spanish vs Latin American Spanish  I’m not native Spanish but I’ve been learning it for a while and I’ve always used camarero. Am I right in assuming that camarero is the more common term for waiter, right?



Northern Spain is incredibly beautiful 


My wife and I (American) just signed our papers to create an American Cookie Cafe in Alicante today! One step closer to residency!! 


Otro dia en el infierno 


A Turkish citizen who saw the brave maneuver of the Spanish firefighter plane that came to put out the forest fires in Muğla said in the video: I love your God. (This is a folk expression in Turkish. People say that when you do something incredibly well and bravely.) This one did the best. 


Robbery taking place in the background of this interview at the Barcelona beach 


Flag of Andalucía in the middle of nowhere on a highway in Georgia, US 


Portion of Spain - Elevation tint Geo 


USA should learn from Spain 


Eating in the north of Spain 


🙄 


Percentage of vegetarians per country 


No pero gente, tenemos que cancelar la agenda 2030 


Alhambra Generalife 


Sound on 


El turista 5 


Most popular names for male newborns 1920-2020 


Respect 


Happy Day of Andalucía 💚🤍💚 


Este panfleto que he arrancado de una farola delante del colegio de mi hija 


Thoughts on this - is this really so 


A few pictures from my trip to Spain! I hope post like this are ok here. I was lucky enough to visit Madrid, Barcelona and a few smaller towns around Spain last week and absolutely loved it. Here are a few pictures I took and hope you all can enjoy! 


After months of waiting, paperwork expiring, and 3-potential locations falling through, my wife and I FINALLY have a place for our cafe (Después de meses de espera, la expiración del papeleo y el fracaso de 3 ubicaciones potenciales, mi esposa y yo FINALMENTE tenemos un lugar para nuestro café) 


Catedral de Sevilla, watercolor, 42x56cm 


Title 


si 


Tipical Spanish "garrote" fight 


F zodiac signs, yo sólo quiero saber en qué cuadrante estás 


Que hermosa es la renfe En la estación de mollet santa rosa


Ya hay Americanos pidiendo que dejemos de usar los trajes de nazarenos, porque se parecen a los del KKK. 


Puigdemon birds 


Alf de visita por el norte de España 


Excepto los lunes por la mañana 


Barcelona will eliminate ALL tourist apartments in 2028 following local backlash: 10,000-plus licences will expire in huge blow for platforms like Airbnb - Olive Press News Spain 


en apuros 


Shock cultural… 


La misma buena mierda de siempre 


¡Oportunidad! Piso de estudiantes en Barcelona por 600€ al mes!!!! 


Historia de España in a nutshell 


I’ve been wanting to make this meme for soo long 


Odio Twitch 


Difficulty of understanding Spanish accents 


Densidad de población en España 


My dad is 72yo and has been painting since he was only 6. He’ll be having his first exhibition abroad next week in Madrid and couldn’t be more excited! Come check if you’re in the city! 


No tengo palabras... 


Hecho en paña 


Spanish food hits different  



Homicide rate in Spain by region (2019) 


This takes procrastination to a whole new level. 


Front page of The National (Scotland/Escocia) this 13 July Mon Eh 'paña!


Los guiris aprendiendo desde chicos. 


No comment 


Gracias Españoles 


Visto en la calle 


I built three Sunken Spanish Armada Ships that went down in Sligo Ireland. Its going into a MUSEUM! 


Pov 


Cartel contra los nómadas digitales en la protesta contra los altos precios de alquiles en Barcelona 


Cercanias :) 


Este anuncio para el partido de hoy es 💯 


Así traducen "Lo siento mi arma" 


Semana Santa 


Nadie: Los americanos haciendo paella: 


Esto es verdad y lo sabéis 


Balcon... 


Gringo hace Serranito 


Las dos Españas 


Awesome view of Ronda, Spain 


Nada más que decir 


Spaniards today be like: 


Lolo 


Caballero 


I am the pescadero 


I used AI to generate fantasy Spanish regional knights 


Gibt gold! 


Los españoles siempre puntuales 


El precio del cine es obsceno 14 EUROS, HOLA? En que momento deje de ir al cine para que se DOBLE EL PRECIO
pa los que dirán que es un evento, es una película de anime, es solo una película de anime, por dios, como puede ser tan caro. 


I love dad jokes 


Idioma que les gustaría aprender a los jóvenes europeos 


Confiscated pens containing cheat notes intricately carved by a student at the University of Malaga, Spain. (2022) 


In a nutshell 


La cara de un chaval después de vivir 4 años en el Raval, Barcleona 


Hoy toca votar en Cataluña... 😂😂😂


😳😳😳😳 Puede que el inicio de una unión mediterránea 


Ríos de España, el Guardiacivil Puede que estemos teniendo un problema con la educación?


The South of Spain is Stunning 


How dare people stare at me while I take a photo of them in public! 


This country has a littering problem 


Maybe just indirectly related to the sub but I found it cute and wanted to share the roman languages family with you 


Andalusia confirmed in upcoming Pokémon game set in fictional Iberia 


Algunas fotos de la Guerra Civil Española que he restaurado y coloreado 


Miura 1 despega. El primer cohete español se posiciona a la cabeza de los lanzadores europeos. La empresa PLD Space consigue un gran éxito en el tercer intento de lanzamiento. Todo un orgullo para la empresa y el país.

[


Estamos construyendo toda España en Minecraft, a escala 1:1. Como hoy es nuestro cake day, ¡aquí tenemos un poco de progreso de este año! 


España, de los pocos países del mundo donde la eutanasia es legal 


The more you scroll, the higher it gets 


Los monos de Gibraltar lo tienen claro. 


Culito de rana :) 


No todos los casos son así.. pero se acerca a la realidad. 


Why not Logroño! 


A todas las personas que fuman en las estaciones de Renfe Agravantes:
1. Que no te importe fumar delante o directamente obligando a los niños y niñas a tragarse el putísimo alquitran que te metes en los pulmones.
2. Ser un sucio y un maleducado y tirar la colilla al suelo.
3. Ser subnormal y amenazar o hablar de forma condescendiente a quienes con razón te piden que no les tires el humo en la cara.


A placa de Santiago de Compostela antes / a placa de Santiago de Compostela vandalizada 


💀 


No saldremos mucho en los mapas, pero al menos tenemos emoji 🇮🇨 


Una cabraaaa una cabraaaa 


Riaño, León. Breathtaking! 


I moved back to Spain after living 10 years abroad. It feels like I am having an aesthetic detox. 


¿Por qué desaparecieron los canis? 


La única división verdaderamente relevante en España 


"But it's not like there's a place called Spania filled with "Spanish" people" 


Valencia vista desde el cielo 


Meme 


Published by ESA earlier today 


Mapa de la peninsula al estilo de Super Mario 


Ancient vibes in Cartagena, Spain 


Comenten una imagen de su playa favorita. 


No se peleen en los comentarios 


Niebla en Benidorm 30/12/2021 [OC] 


Etymology of Spain: Origin of various Spanish province names 


True size and latitude of USA vs Spain 


Spain has the 3rd best cuisine in the world and I really agree with that, Spanish cuisine is indeed amazing. I especially love Paella and Jamon. 


Hace dos meses publiqué sobre mi esposa y yo abriendo un café de galletas en España... ¡hoy es nuestra apertura suave! 


Es de 2018 pero es buenísimo, el colmo de los colmos. 


Nos extinguimos 


Adios Netflix, no me das pena 


Lava flow growth in La Palma, updated 12/11 


The word "sneakers" in Spain 


Spanish is such a wonderful language 


Cómo hacerte viral en América. 


Being a robber in Spain is easy 


Soy de Finlandia, viviendo en España. Hizo mi permiso de conducir B aquí, y pusieron que soy de Noruega. 


🇪🇸 


COMPARACIÓN: Lenguas habladas en el territorio español (REUPLOAD) 


Hello everyone, I’m the banknote collector from Kosovo 🇽🇰, I wanted to share with you another beauty I found from your country! A true beauty 🇪🇸! 


Most Popular Spanish Tapas 


Jugando a Elden Ring me he topado con 2 gigantes imposibles de matar. HELP! 


Oda a España 


Hasta los mismísimos 


Welcome to Spain 


Hi, I'm ... and this is my first drink 


Spain ranks among lowest in Europe on rape rates 


Marvel: we have the best multiverse. España:  Batman, el comisario Gordon y Robin


Vivo en Madrid y me fui de vacaciones a Barcelona, donde me encontré con esta mierda. No se si sentir tristeza, rabia, o algo mas. 


Imágenes generadas por la IA de Bing diciéndole "Persona de X comunidad" 


Que dise tu, guiri 


Seguimos arriba, como debe ser 


Cena de países! (Cual es tu preferido¿) 


Comete esa Ryanair 


¡El famoso cachopo! 


The Spanish are Courteous People As the title says. I have traveled a lot and the last two years I have brought my elderly mother along to see some sights. And I just want to say that the Spanish are the most (or at least among the most) courteous, considerate, and conscientious people in the world, especially with respect to the elderly. 

Good show, Spain!


Colorized footage of Madrid in 1910. 


Gracias Spain for teaching me how to do this Paeall Valencia may be the best dosh on the planet


Showing Spain's main islands together to the same scale 


While I have to leave my holiday a little but earlier, I cannot express how beautiful this country has been. Gracias! 


Spain is such a beautiful country We did three weeks of road trip from north to south of Spain and was mesmerised at what Spain had to offer. Architecturally, culturally, historically. We were in love with every single  moment and will definitely be back. Thank you, Spain.


Ronda Town, Spain. 


Salgo de casa y me encuentro con esta obra de arte 


Soy italiano, mi mujer es española. Cuando no está en casa, mi hijo y yo hacemos las cosas ilegales. 


VIVA LA ESPANA 


When a guiri makes "paella", by morenoleninista 


fuck all the racist scums 


Dragon House, Valencia, Spain 


Como tener Cáncer ocular con un solo video 


Verás verdadera 


Setenil de las bodegas, Cadiz, Spain... 


odio Francia 


found this image on twitter explaining how we informally tend to tell the time in Spanish and thought it was quite accurate 


No es posible que nadie les haya advertido. 


Un buen resumen de ayer 


Madrid today after Real Madrid won the Champion's League. 


What flavour is this? It doesn't taste like lavender... 


Somos 2 desarrolladores de videojuegos españoles que tras casi 5 años trabajando en nuestro proyecto de ensueño por fin podemos decir que estamos en kickstarter! 


Cádiz, Andalucía, España 


El bolsillo español tiembla, parte 2 


¿Japón 


Children bouncing on worn out mattresses. England, 1980s. 


El mejor de todos con una estetica que representa claramente el postureo que hay en esos lugares y al periodista lo torea como quiere chapo por este tio es un grande 


La Manga del Mar Menor 


 España, campeona de Europa de fútbol sala para discapacitados visuales. Se impone en la final a Ucrania por 4-1 y termina imbatida en el campeonato




The police at Elche kick a man out of a store for entering with a horse 


"¡Pero mamá, sabe a naranja, y sabe bien! 


Spanish apple 


Visto en un chino - Episodio 4 


Most Spanish thing I've seen this holiday 


Hello there neighbors 


It be like that 


'Pedro, la fackin cuenta please fella' 


Sorry non-spanish speakers, you probably won't get it. 


San Sebastian, Spain 


Soy mexicano y vivo en España desde hace un año. Nunca había estado tan de acuerdo. Con respecto a las series, creo que una prueba irrefutable reciente sería el "Sicansíos" de GOT 


SPAIN r/place colage 


Semana Santa en Valladolid (2022) 


Saltu pasiegu, los Valles Pasiegos 


En serio... 


Spain Won the UEFA Nations League Congratulations to the people of Spain who won the UEFA Nations League


En algún lugar de Picos de Europa. 


Así estamos 


Bitches from Beaches 


Historia de España 


Salut, que mejor que una paella para este calor. 


Españita.... 


una paella por favor con hp sauce 


Visited my first Feria de Abril in Sevilla 


Is that normal in Spain? Currently living in Tenerife and noticed that neighbour's dog is in the balcony all the time. They are feeding him but there is shit and piss everywhere around. I was wondering if it's allowed (and considered normal) to keep your dog in balcony. What should I do? 


En dankmeme lo peta 


Plaza de España, Sevilla al amanecer 


Hola r/spain, here is my entirely hand-drawn map of your country! (Scroll for close-ups and more) 


Spain’t 


hay dos tipos de extremeños 🙏‼️ 


This is the Shortest International Bridge in the world located on the border between Spain and Portugal. This could "technically" take you from Spain and Portugal and vice-versa in just seconds. Cool! 


Málaga Cathedral, me, watercolor, 42x56cm 


Sevilla, Spain - Feliz Navidad. 


Population density in Spain 2022 in 3D 


Histórica goleada de España a Costa Rica por 7-0. 


Going to Spain looking for a job is like going to Iceland looking for a tan at the beach 


Universities founded by the Spaniards in the Americas and the Philippines 


Manjar nacional (la foto no es mía) 


Amo España! Esta vez fui al País Vasco y me enamoré otra vez. Cada comunidad tiene lo suyo, nada que envidiarle a los otros países! :) 


More than half of marriages in Spain end in divorce, among the highest in Europe 


Cuando un extranjero ve una persiana por primera vez. 


✨ESPAÑA✨ 


A very Spanish reaction (omegle) 


Paella según algunos de fuera 


Sagrada Familia 'rebuilt' using luminous drones 


Mapa de España hecho de comida! 


España en la vida real. 


Average summer in Spain 


La morning routine de los britanicos 


Creating shades and shadows on a Malaga's street ❤️ 


ForoCoches contrata una banda de mariachis para despedir a Donald Trump 


Plaza de España. 


Hi I'm from new zealand but my friend speaks Spanish and she keeps laughing at our bank 


12 European country flags in the style of Spain 


Classic Spanish Paintings brought to life with AI 


View of Calpe, Alicante from the Spain Instagram 


I made a relief map of Spain & Portugal 


No te dejes engañar! 


Reconstrucción de Sevilla medieval en Age of empires 2 


Guiri Tortilla  Hace unos días leí aquí un post en el que un guiri intentaba hacer una tortilla.
Yo también soy guiri y aquí está mi intento.


Si en España viviesen 100 personas. 


Quién ganará? 


Madriz 


Ser un urbanita es un lujo 


Fachada exterior de un Mercadona  


Most Important Spaniards by Province 


Support to Valencia from Greece 🇬🇷❤️🇪🇦 I feel really sad for Valencia, a city now marked by loss and sorrow after devastating floods claimed the lives of hundreds. In the wake of this unimaginable tragedy, we should all come together in support and resilience, offering hope and help to the peoples of this wonderful city! I hope that Valencia will find healing and strength in the days ahead.

During this tragic event lets all remember that even the darkest storm will eventually give way to light!


@PabloVirion, Verdaderos Detectives. 
Dadle cariño al creador: 


r/WatchPeopleDieInside Spain edition 


Long drought and the hottest days in 62 years in Spain 


My mate got a tattoo ready for England winning the Euro Championship.  


Oldest cities by region in Spain 


One of my favorite things in Spain, are the variety of floor designs. Amazing! 


Mira lo que he encontrao 


He visto como 60 estadounidenses pensando que La Palma se va a partir a la mitad 


Morning in the hills above Granada 


Patio Andaluz 


Let me know if I missed anyone 


Viva España 


Nos hemos quedado sin cena! 


Las palabras no pueden describir cuánto odio el cambio de marca de la RFEF 


If you come to Spain you should definitely visit this building 


Got cute discounts from a restaurant in Madrid! We had menús del día at this restaurant with interesting food that we’ve been eyeing on and they were great especially for the price! This receipt was the cherry on top!

I covered the name & address of the restaurant so as not to be confused as a promotion. Also covered the waitress’ name for privacy.


Stunning sunset from the highgrounds of Granada 


My attempt at a Paella Valenciana (de las antipodas). Not easy to find authentic ones in australia so I tried my own - con pollo y conejo. 


An interesting observation from a foreign tourist Hi guys,

I used to visit Spain as a typical British tourist. Just within 10 miles of the Mediterranean coats.

This year, my family and I decided to head inland and we just came back from spending one month in Logroño.

OMFG.

Inland Spain is a totally different country. We thought we knew Spain but it is so different.

A. Spanish people are really really extra ordinary friendly. Yes they are known to be friendly but I didn't know they are this friendly. I tried to say hola to most people I met and in this trip, NOT a single person not say hola back to me. Wtf? I guess once you are out of the tourist area, it is just amazing 

B. You guys really don't sleep in the evening, do you? I have been to parties in the UK and I have stayed up late. But at 3am in the morning on a Wednesday night? And don't get me started on kids going to family dinner in restaurants at 10pm. It is really great to see kids coming out with families instead of staying at home with baby sitters.

C. We spent one week in the Pyrenees. Omg. Why nobody told me about this little Alps that is much more accessible than the French Alps? And don't get me started on the prices. Anybody who's been to a French Alps will know that everything is expensive even if it is outside tourist seasons.

D. How green Spain is. I mean, almost all UK tourists think of Spain as typical malaga weather. I love your forests and don't get me started on a cascada! After we discovered your rivers, we planned our trip around all the great swimming spots.

E. No swimming in the national park?! I was annoyed at first and then I salute you. No better way to pollute the water that somebody else might be drinking further downstream. Keep this up. I was only at 1000m elevation but the water is clean enough to drink directly. I had my fill and more.

F. I was traveling in a camper van. Almost everywhere I go in France there will be signs of no over night sleeping. In Spain, you guys do it differently. Almost every town has a dedicated area for camper. I felt very welcomed. Spent all my money on pintos and rioja just to return the favour.

G. My Spanish is horrible. Even duo lingo couldn't get what I was saying. But you guys are very accommodating. I made new friends in almost every tapas bars. I had drinks bought for me, just because I was the only tourist. You appreciate that I am making an effort to learn the language. And that's enough encouragement. The French's attitude towards my French has put me off the language forever.

H. What's this miniature cup of beer? It's amazing. I could literally order a small cup and some pintos and then hop to the next bar. We should start this in UK.

I will be back next year. Keep those wine flowing.


'Expats' at it again 


Soy español, te gano a lo que quieras. 


(680 x 511) Size of flag flown on a Spanish ship during the Battle of Trafalgar, 1805 


Some of the prettier pueblos I’ve come across in Spain… 


Tal día como hoy hace 16 años, España reía y lloraba viendo la última junta de propietarios de Desengaño 21. 


Ni crean que no estamos atentos a sus intenciones. 


RF21 


Does this look like Iberian Peninsula 


Perfeito 


No entiendo que le pasa a la gente... 


Cuanto daño ha hecho Google Translator 


The Iberian Peninsula at night by NASA 


Granada A few photos from my weekend in Granada 🍷🌹


I finally had a Spanish tortilla de chorizo and some croquetas de jamón!! Best food ever! 


My Spanish Grandfather sent me this. What is it My grandfather sent me this from Northern Spain without explanation. It is about the size of a fist. Both nozzles have hollow tubes down into the centre, but I'm not sure if it is very hollow insid


Rosalía ayudando en Valencia  Rosalía se ha ido a Valencia a echar una mano 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼


La Alhambra is one of the most beautiful major landmarks in Europe if not the most beautiful. 


SpainPunk 2021 (OC) 


ACTUAL Spanish population distribution 


Feliz año nuevo! 


All of these things make perfect sense 


(S)pain 


Leon cathedral stained glass windows 


Los pinos en Gran Canaria están rebrotando después del incendio de 2019 


Mira que lo del estereotipo del funcionario.. os lo ganáis a pulso Escribimos al ayuntamiento para ver que tipo de documento reciben como comprobante para poder reservar sitio para una boda. La contestación del/la funcionario/a llena de profesionalidad y clase.


From my recent cycling trip in Jaén 


Qué. 


Yo a esto le estoy viendo muy poco glamour 


Maybe just indirectly related to the sub but I found it cute and wanted to share the roman languages family with you 


Spanish Light, a painting made by Spanish artist Vicente Romero Redondo (2014) 


¡Feliz Fiesta Nacional de España! - De parte de tus hermanos portugueses 


Mapa del WoW de España 


The Croatian city of Osijek lights up their bridge in the Spanish colors as a way to show support for Spain in these tough times! Stay strong and stay at home! 


The best destination for summer holidays 


vale 


En el nuevo juego Pokémon han puesto como setting España y creo que han tirao una bomba sobre Madrid 


Best Halloween costume prize 


The Spaniard Karen be like: Context: An American content creator of Japanese descent based in Honduras is discriminated against during one of his trips.


La imagen más deprimente y que mejor explica la sequía de España se ha tomado desde el espacio Así estaba Extremadura en mayo de 2022 y así está ahora


Que opinan del urbanismo hostil,para que personas sin hogar no puedan usar esos sitios. 


Estaría Ud. dispuesto a ayudar a otro país europeo en caso de crisis 


Lo que me acabo de encontrar en el metro de camino al curro 


esto solo pasa en asturias 


Spain 


La nieve 


Pollo👍 


San Sebastián seen from an airplane 


Las instrucciones de "cocina" en una bolsa de arroz del Paki 


Spain knows how to celebrate trophies 🏆 football ♥️ #Respect  


Sevilla is Beautiful 


Hot air balloon 🎈 over Segovia 


Tienes que elegir una 


My favorite pics from my trip to Spain last week :) 


Unas fotos más de mi viaje al norte del país. 


Un hombre que solía encender farolas, con una lanza para protegerse mientras estaba de servicio por las calles nocturnas de la ciudad. España, Madrid, principios del siglo XX. 


Nobody on my Discord expected this. 


The Iberian lynx doubles its population in just three years and reaches 2,000 individuals 


Biden cuando dijo a Trump “why don’t you shut up man” (SAP) Subtítulos en español 


They always forget :( 


Tenerife, Spain 


Cádiz, una fría mañana de Enero 


Me encontré esto en los memes históricos, menos mal que lleváis unas décadas tranquilitos 


Carreteras y calles de España 


Spain plans nationwide crackdown on tourist flats: Locals will be given the right to veto Airbnb-style lets - Olive Press News Spain 


My first time in Spain. Exploring San Sebastian! Can't get enough 


Mapa de los 21 países con mas calvos en el mundo,  quedamos segundos 


Puente Nuevo (New Bridge) with fog. Ronda, Spain. 


The New World is ours, boys. 


Spain’s population today if it had a zero immigration policy since 1976 It would have peaked in 2008 at 39.42 million and declined by 1.63 million until 2024


Valle del llagu, Somiedo, Asturies photographer: Kelly Parrondo Rubio 


Insertar música de expediente x 


La "paella" que me acabo de encontrar en r/FoodPorn, por lo que parece que en América esto es una paella increíble. 


¡Hola a todos! Estoy empezando una serie de renders en 3D basados en una colección de mapas de provincias españolas. Los iré subiendo por aquí, empezando con este de Navarra de 1944. Espero que os guste. 


Diferentes maneras de decir OK. 


Now getting paid 750€ is something to be thankful for 


tapones 


Antes y después del salto del gitano (Monfragüe) después del desembalse por parte de Iberdrola en el pantano de Alcántara. 


Catedral de la Almudena, Madrid, Spain 🇪🇸 


Lo de fuera mejor 


Bring it on 


Ni frio ni calor. 


Spain’s plan to ban domestic flights where you can take a train in under two and half hours 


Inclusión 


meirl 


POV: Buscando trabajo en Granada 


Muy buenos días a todos 


Is your town even Spanish if it doesn't have a dried up river bed with graffiti everywhere 


Mi ciudad, Toledo, más hermosa de lo que recordaba! 


I really enjoy reading the stories of these 2 guys 


Segovia (Spain) [1920-30 / 2018] 


Hace no mucho tiempo... 


Somos 2 desarrolladores de videojuegos españoles que tras casi 2 años trabajando en nuestro proyecto de ensueño por fin podemos decir que estamos en kickstarter! 


Spanish's "Tortilla de patatas" 


Gran Vía, Vigo. 


Meanwhile in Madrid... We hadn't seen something like this for 10 years!! ❄️❄️ 


Buen provecho desde Columbus, Ohio 


spanish style south american city 


España es la potencia de los trenes rápidos en Europa 


Old school Spain 


Yesterday in Valencia, I would not recommend walking under the sun since it feels like Im inside a humid oven 


Alguien compró un cartel publicitario en mi ciudad para decir esto 


As a Canadian visiting Spain during COVID 


"GirRrl" 


The world’s thinnest house… in Valencia, Spain  


Next week in Sevilla... 


Todo normal por Alicante 


Santiago de Compostela, Spain. Lovely place, even lovelier people. 


Spanish nuns admiring “The Last Supper.” Prado Museum, Madrid 


Feliz día de la Hispanidad:Centrémonos en lo que nos une y no en lo que nos separa 


En un lugar de la Mancha, de cuyo nombre sí quiero acordarme. Jorquera (la Manchuela). 


Suele pasar  


Ready for 2020 season finale 


Esos bares que no aparecen en las guías turísticas 


7 años de viajes por España / 7 years traveling across Spain 


Feliz año 


Un mapa topográfico que he hecho de España 


Mercadona, Mercadona. 


lo entiendo 


Spanish is such a wonderful language 


Encontré una foto antigua de una calle principal de Albacete (mi ciudad) en Navidad hace años y la quise comparar con este último ❤️ 


Deceased organ donor rate per million 


Sin comentarios. 


Configura tu personaje para la cuarentena! 


La Sanidad Española explicada por un Americano 


OFFICIAL languages in Spain 


llamar a mapfre 


Mucha tragedia indecible en estos momentos...pero también solidaridad y humor.  


Ronda, Spain 


This is St. Augustine, Florida. It was the first European colony founded in the USA by Spain in 1565. 


Si quieres ir a la playa de Bolonia en Tarifa, siempre habrá amables lugareños que te indicarán como llegar 


Cada quien sus gustos 


La mejor bebida de España 


España ahora mismo con la apertura de los colegios 


Retratos hechos por mi 


My beautiful sister making a beautiful Paella 


In Madrid, for free in the Condeduque center 


A principios de 2023 empecé a recopilar expresiones o insultos típicos españoles (que oía decir a la gente o leía por ahí) en las notas del móvil. Esto es lo que llevo de momento: 


Logos de Cruz Novillo, el hombre que diseñó España 


Esto es una cerdada y saber si es siquiera legal. 


LMAAAAOO SPAIN 


Playa de la catedrales.... Lugo 


Maduro comentando sobre Aquí No Hay Quien Viva 


My sister makes the best croquetas en todo el mundo 


I shit on your dead relatives. Hey hey hey! Yo no iba a subir este vídeo aquí en r/Spain por las palabrotas, pero los mods me dijeron que lo hiciese, so blame them! 😅


Una de las banderas de los barcos españoles hundidos en la Batalla de Trafalgar 


Viceroyalty of new Spain and… Brasil. 


Empresas más relevantes de España por Comunidad Autónoma de Origen. Criterios: facturación y conocimiento de ellas a nivel nacional e internacional. 
Si creen que me faltó una o hay algún error, digan en comentarios.


Petirrojo Europeo 


Los gringos intentando traducir insultos españoles 


si 


Myfather put this sticker on the car. Good morning guys. I'm Brazilian, like my whole family, my uncle went on vacation to Spain and thought this sticker was beautiful and decided to buy it for my father, who promptly stuck it on his car. My father has no idea what it means, but this ax is identical to the Italian fascist axe. Do you have any idea of ​​the origin of this specific emblem? thanks!


Esta comunidad cada semana. 


Most widely used emoji across Europe 


I have to travel every time I want to see snow... 


google translate 


Facepalm 


heré 


Antidepresivo, efecto inmediato 


Jajajaja 


Demasiados españoles en España para esta mujer 


Nos estamos pasando ya. 


Remember, not Spanish. 


Inflation 


% of population able to hold a conversation in English - sounds about right 


Se viene 


My home is now Sevilla. 


Map of Spain in the style of Super Mario World 


¡Por fin ha abierto la primera estación de metro en el centro de Málaga! 😊 


Un científico francés se disculpa tras la polémica generada por un tuit en el que hacía pasar una rodaja de chorizo por una estrella 


Grado de cuajación de la Tortilla de Patatas. Yo estoy entre el 4 y 5. 


Thank You Spain! 🇪🇸🤝🇨🇦 A while ago I posted here asking for a football scarf for my project and now I am back to say thank you for helping me out! 


tinder premium pa que 


🤨 


POV: you live in Oviedo 


Such kindness and humanity 


The delinquents in this country are ON POINT 


Spain hits record low fertility rate this year 2024 but solution is on the way 😎  


cosas de chinos, la foto familiar durmiendo juntos no se si explica mejor el producto 


Cuántos jóvenes han consumido cannabis en los últimos 30 días 


Típico de ingleses 


Cities Aren't Loud: Cars Are Loud. Barcelona. 


Cabron doesn't just mean male goat, it's also slang for..... 


grande luis 


San Sebastián hits different 


Hoy me he encontrado esto en el parabrisas del coche. Reus es una ciudad mágica. 


Gracias r/Spain for your feedback and inspiration the past week and a bit. In recognition of this, I present to you my final homemade lunch in Spain for this trip. You have a great community both here in the virtual world, and out there in the real one, and your food is 💯


hablo Español como una nina de 7 anos de edad. Pero mi nino hace la bandera de Espana. El es 9 anos de edad y un Estadounidense 


It's spring in Spain already 


Antonio Banderas, Spain's most recogniazble actor. 


Mercadona falso en argelia (es una tienda de ropa) 


Fenomenal eh. 


Se viene... 


muchas gracias aficion i want to thank you guys all for sending in  rescue teams, humanitarian aid and utilizing your navy to help us. thanks from bottom of our hearts for standing by our side. we will never forget what you’ve done & we promise to help you in such dire times. 🇪🇸❤️🇹🇷


There you go 


Salamanca en la noche 


There are 2 Galicias in Europe 


El mejor regalo de estas navidades. Puerta anti incestos🤣 


The 22 member states of the Association of Academies of the Spanish Language, entity whose end is to work for the unity, integrity, and growth of the Spanish language 


Last night Toledo Spain. 


Most visited destinations by international tourist arrivals 


diabetis 


Oh yeah baby 


Piano man calmly keeps playing during riot in Barcelona 


Los Americanos flipan con los precios bajos de los supermercados de España. 


Vacaciones Argiñanas 


Cudillero, gorgeous fishing village in Asturias. 


A bit of road rage from Spain 


Melilla 🍳 


Alegría que hoy es viernes gente!!! Os deseo buen finde a todos, tomar buena vibra! 


Estoy así ahora mismo 


First gas station in Spain (entering from Portugal) and english starts fading 


A friend shared this with me 


Tal día como hoy hace 20 años, el elenco de "Aquí no hay quien viva" presentó las Campanadas en Antena 3, como si fueran sus respectivos personajes. 


The beautiful Torre del Oro in Seville, Spain. 


Lionel Messi's villa in Ibiza was vandalized by environmental activists. The walls were smeared with black and red paint, along with a message: "Help the planet. Eat the rich. Abolish the police." 


So I drew this map whilst at a meeting with my psychologist… 


Dolphins in Barcelona 


Buenos días desde Zaragoza 


Espero que esté bien 


Public Transport Network Density 


Linguistic map of Spain 


My (Spanish) girl sent me a screenshot, the notification seems like tinder but she told me its Chollometro, is this true. 


Same-sex marriage being performed in 1901: Marcela Gracia Ibeas and Elisa Sánchez Loriga are wed, with Elisa disguising herself, unbeknownst to authorities, as a man with the name "Mario" on the marriage certificate, in Galicia, Spain. [1024 x 1533] 


party oil 


This is why we "hate" some tourists... "Nine young Dutch men were arrested Sunday afternoon at Son Sant Joan airport as they were about to take a flight back to their country, accused of causing serious damage to two of the rooms of a Palma Beach hotel where they were staying. Those responsible for the establishment had denounced them that morning after discovering that they had opened a large hole in the partition to go from one room to another. They had also destroyed several appliances, such as plasma TVs."


may 1st, malaga. 


Los Mercadonas a las 19:00. 😑 


43°C (109.4°F) when I arrived in Granada this week. The heatwave is real. 


I got AI to Make Some "Spanish Architecture" Think It Had Some Great Results 


Foto en mi instituto Americano que pusieron en el mes de la hispanidad. No soy valenciano pero sé que es arroz con cosas.


Spanish Omelette - Civil War 


Extremadura, away from any crowds.. Amazing times in our van right now❤️🇪🇸 


¡Feliz Día Nacional de España! 


Sevilla is astonishing! 


Spain's most expensive drug: Jamon de Jabugo. 


Calpe Spain 


Ruth Beitia finished 16th, 4th and 4th at the Olympics before ever winning a gold medal. It took her 12 years to win first place at the high jump event 


Algo está pasando 


La gente de Bart 


Mapa topologico de fronteras españolas 


Testimonio de una superviviente a las inundaciones de Valencia Para alcanzar a entender la magnitud de la tragedia ocurrida y aún en curso, creo que el testimonio de esta superviviente lo deja muy claro.

Advierto que es muy duro de leer


la sutileza española 


Churros 


Estoy muy sorprendido que la bocata de tortilla de patatas no esta en el ranking 


Qué haríamos sin los profesores de lengua! 


Mariano Rajoy, el hombre más memeable del mundo 


Mercadona está creando un malestar generalizado en toda España. Qué opináis... 


Spain's most famous breakfast: churros con chocolate. 


Alano Español/Spanish Bulldog - Spain's fabled war dog. 


Suspiros de España 


Guía de referencia: Aragón 


Acentos del español 


Explosión en Puerta de Toledo 


literal 


500 years ago today Juan Sebastián Elcano completed the first circumnavigation of the Earth and the first navigation through the Suez Canal 😱 


Belchite, Zaragoza, Spanish Civil War ruins 


Andalusian perlino stallion galloping on the sand. 


Hemos hecho un bocadillo con la Tierra! 


Most common surnames in Spain in every area. One of these is probably your surname. 


Breakfast Is Served… 


Cuando te mudas al extranjero y tu madre te pregunta si necesitas algo de España. Pues eso, que recientemente me he mudado a Polonia y mi madre hace una semana me preguntó si echaba de menos algo de España y si necesitaba que me enviara algo por paquete.

Le dije que aquí no hay tomate frito y que el resto de salsas de tomates no me agradaban del todo.

Hoy, he recibido un paquete con 12 packs de tomate frito 😂


Spain from my home in Tanger 


Para cyclist Alfonso Cabello Llamas gives Spain their first gold 


What kind of bull is that 


¡Los próximos juego de Pokémon está ambientados en una región basada en España! 


Typical conversation with my Spanish cuñaao 


Secreto Ibérico… 


¡Hola a todos! Acabo de terminar esta elevación en 3D de la Península Ibérica, Baleares y Canarias basándome en un antiguo mapa del Instituto Geológico y Minero de España de 1966 y quería compartirlo con vosotros. Espero que os guste. 


Andoni bastarrika vasco escultor (de arena) 


Plaza de España I got back a couple of weeks ago and Andalucía was so beautiful. Sevilla me encanto! Aquí les dejo mi foto favorita.. amo a España! 🇪🇸 con mucho cariño de un mexicano! ❤️👏


Cuando miras al abismo, esto es lo que te devuelve la mirada. 


Spain far from the beaches - yesterday's bike tour from Andorra to Spain 


A ver si nos ponemos de acuerdo.. 


Summer in La Coruña. At Northern of Spain, this city is well known. 


Nos roban a Ibai, esto ya ha ido demasiado lejos. 


Yo cada dia flipo mas con las subidas de precios en los supers Si hasta hace nada te costaban como 3,50€-3,95€ maximo...


Es increible que cada año pase lo mismo 💀 


Cuándo se dan los regalos de Navidad en España y en el resto de Europa 


La plaza de España, Sevilla 


Chicos, os dejo por aquí una foto de sevilla por si alguno quiere ir a visitarla. 


La vida de un extranjero es como 


Covadonga 


Basílica de San Juan de Dios, Granada 


Esta monstruosidad que me he encontrado 


This little kitty had its own seat on the three hour train ride I was on in Spain! It sat so nicely for the whole time 


Navarra, Spain [OC] [3276x4096] 


Mi ranking de los himnos de las Comunidades Autónomas de España. 


Rubiales miente, Jenni no lo levanta. Jenni no lo levanta como dice Rubiales, más bien se la echa encima.


La reina Letizia vendiendo cigarrillos para pagar sus estudios 


Existe una vida mejor y se vive al sur de Despeñaperros 


El Alhambra, Granada España 


Palabras en Iberia con opuestos géneros gramaticales 


Próxima semana: Temperaturas por debajo de la media en todas partes, solo en España una ola de calor (Ventusky.com) 


Por fin ganamos en algo que no sea fútbol. 


La otra cara del volcán 


There’s no place like home 


Final de una era televisiva de entretenimiento basura 


My homage to Edward Hopper. Bar O Cordobés on Razo Beach, Galicia, last night. 


S I E S T A. 


Usuario de Reddit español promedio según DALLE Cierto?


Para pensar señores 


Spain is probably the only country that I could think of that has its capital located in the center of it, then Toledo, and now Madrid. This is where a capital city should be located, in the center. 


Follador.... 


Leche frita 


Barcelona in 1950 


After 4 years in Spain and 2 years in Sevilla, Corona has hit hard and I might have to go back to Germany soon. So I just wanted to share some pictures I took in Sevilla tonight, already making me nostalgic! I really hope I find a way to stay in your amazing country and if not, I'll be back soon! 


Celebration of the life of Wiganese soldiers who died in the Spanish Civil War, 29/04/23 (Wigan, UK) 


La Palma vulcano - one month later 


Mi pueblo 


Mapa pasivo-agresivo de España por parte de Canarias 


realidad 


The Embassy of Spain in London presents this map 


The origin of Cowboys: the Spanish camperos. 


Map with all the Osborne bulls in Spain 


Hice un Mapa de España %100 teselable. 


Move to Spain they said. It's always warm they said. 


Canary Islands explained. 


Castillos y fortalezas de España (mapa interactivo) 


Ronda!! 


Mayores exponentes de la arquitectura española 


Random observation. In Spain, solar + wind have provided almost 50% of the electricity consumption for (not yet complete) 2023. Thereby, Spain has surpassed Denmark, Germany, and all other countries in the world in terms of green energy implementation 


Asies 


Cádiz, Andalusia from 6500ft! 


España y sus modismos 


Los españoles no pensamos que nuestra cultura sea superior pero luego viajamos y se lo decimos a todo el mundo "en casa se come mejor", "la fiesta de mi pueblo no se toca!"😂 


Producción/ Consumo de electricidad en España 


Gardens of the Real Alcázar in Seville 


So I spent the entire day taking photos in Jaén, Andalusia, and this is the best one I've taken 


Lo único que me mantiene en pie 


Can’t wait until these places are open again - Pintxos in Bilbao 


A cartoon in a Turkish newspaper (1945 ! 


If The US was Spain 


"Plaza de Espana" Seville, Spain. 15x11" watercolor painting 


Apoyándo a Morata 


Pizza: Spain's favourite takeaway meal 


Clásico Paella Sándwich... 


Made a 3D topography of the Iberian Peninsula 


Frigiliana, one of the most beautiful village in Spain 


¡Hola a todos! Ayer, por el Día de Andalucía, publiqué esta elevación en 3D que hice de un antiguo mapa topográfico de Andalucía. Lo comparto hoy con vosotros. Espero que os guste. 


Sevilla is now my home. Pt3 


The way Barcelona is presented in the Uncharted movie... 💃🪭👏🏻 


Free tap water must now be offered in restaurants & bars in Spain 


The Iberian Lynx - one of the most endangered cat species in the world. 


Gracias cortana 


Nuestra aula de español (Suecia): Uh, ¿no es eso la bandera independista catalana, la estelada? Ya que es una aula de español, me parece muy raro que tendrían una bandera independista lol. Por cierto, eso está en Suecia. Así que ni siquiera está en Cataluña, ni es nuestro profesor catalán. 

Cuando se elige la bandera incorrecta be like:


“Ahí donde lo ves, con su acento, el muchacho es bilingüe” 
Hace un año y medio me mudé a Madrid después de 10 años viviendo en el extranjero. Soy directivo de una multinacional americana con responsabilidades a nivel global y he decidido vivir en Madrid por mi pareja (viene a colación ahora).

Soy andaluz y aunque puedo hablar sin acento, no me da la gana. Desde que he llegado a Madrid, escucho con frecuencia comentarios sobre mi acento. 

“No serás vasco, ¿no?”

“No, si ya sabía yo que gallego no eras” 
Etc.

Estos comentarios los han hecho en todo tipo de ambientes pero los que eran más irrespetuosos (de forma inconsciente), se han hecho siempre en entornos profesionales. Evidente siempre es de mal gusto el comentario pero parece que les escuece profundamente que una persona con mi acento esté donde esté. Además, una persona que roza los 40 no es un muchacho.

Me parece increíblemente cateto y sin embargo, nunca he escuchado a nadie intervenir para cortar la situación. 

No me quejo, la verdad es que no ofende quien quiere sino quien puede, pero me resulta llamativo como la ciudad que quiere ser el lugar donde se ve reflejada toda España tolera estas actitudes. 


To say "non-binary" in spanish 


It’s that time of the year in A Coruña 🔥 


La Alhambra 


Paso de agua en la Ruta del Cares, León. 


Humor de bazar haha 


All the time 


Necesito un poco de positividad como Valenciana, esta es la fiesta más bonita de Utiel, la noche de las velas.  


Salario medio España. (Marzo 2023) 


claro que sí 


Pinzón educado 


Picu Urriellu con vaques, Cabrales, Asturies 


España Be like 


Tal día como hoy, hace 19 años, se transmitió por televisión el primer episodio de "Aquí no hay quien viva". Tal día como hoy España conoció a los locos, insoportables y maravillosos vecinos de Desengaño 21. 


Cliente de un bar en el Sur de Tenerife, después de pedir camarones y comérselos, devolvió el plato así. 


I saw this colorful pigeon today 


Ronda, Andalusia (photo from Hotel don Miguel) 


Poster made using the colours of the Spanish flag 


La Axarquia cerca de Malaga tiene un clima subtropical...y animales de este clima.... 


Diminutivos en la Peninsula Ibérica  


Siempre lo peor para nosotros 


Valencia Paella Casera


La bandera en físico que se conserva más antigua del mundo 


¡Hola a todos! Estoy haciendo renders en 3D de mapas antiguos de provincias españolas y me gustaría enseñaros el último que he terminado: Madrid en 1953. Espero que os guste. 


Alcázar de Segovia, construido en el siglo XII, palacio y fortaleza de los Reyes de Castilla. 


Santa can’t compete with the three wise kings in Sevilla 


¡Hola a todos! Me dedico a hacer renders en 3D de mapas antiguos y mi último proyecto es este mapa geológico de Mallorca y Cabrera de 1970. Espero que os guste. 


Saw this on Twitter 


¡Feliz Día Internacional del Trabajador! 


Join Us Spain 


He aprendido castellano por 2 años pero nunca sabía “lalalala” significa “Long live” 


Majestic scenery of Zahara de la Sierra, Andalusia 


OFFICIAL languages in Spain 


Rest of Spain snow and rain. Galicia... 


Beautiful València 


Hace 10 años... 


Algunos de los regionalismos mas populares en España - agrega el tuyo... 


Acudid a donar sangre quien pueda, hace falta 


Bridge Over Waterfall | Ronda, Spain 


Day 1 VS day 88 - La Palma vulcano 


From UK riding around Spain… you have some of the most amazing roads on the planet! 


Solo 14 kilómetros de España a Marruecos... 


Which country has the most Attractive People according to Europe 


The size of this flag flown on a spanish ship at the battle of Trafalgar (1805) 


De los creadores de "yo no soy racista..." 


Avila in winter 


Juan Carlos I de Bizum 


Hace poco fui de viaje a Tenerife y bueno os dejo una foto que hice al Teide, hacía mucho que no editaba. 


Las carreteras 'principales' de España peninsular, Baleares, Ceuta y Melilla (lo siento Canarias no tenía tiempo) [OC] 


Lmao 


Albacete existe 😡 


Cosillas del estrecho de Gibraltar y alrededores. 


Grande esa Andalucía, que haríamos sin ti! 


La Orotava at Sunset 


One of the many beautiful alleyways in Seville 


Animated crosswalks in Santander 


Browsing r/spain 


Aitana Bonmatí y Rodrigo Hernández ganan el balón de oro 


Mallorca, Balearic Islands. Photos from Space 


Uno de tantos pueblos blancos 


Hi Spain, I am British and want to apologise for the idiotic belligerent tourists causing you and police grief during this bad time Trust me we are not all like this, most people who go to Benidorm are from council estates and are chavs (undesirables) who have no manners and have grown up disrespecting others purely because it’s a cheap destination.

Most of us are law abiding citizens and respect other countries cultures and rules as we have been raised right and actually have etiquette.

The UK is a sinking ship at the moment, here in London, the government don’t care, there’s no restrictions in place it’s all voluntary they recommend not to go to shops but won’t stop you.

I am sorry what you’re going through, mark my words though you will get better now your government has done the right thing, we, the uk  a small condensed island, we’re fucked.


Os reis de Murcia pero adividnad quien está a 23 grados un 28 de diciembre 


Roman Theatre, Mérida, Extremadura 


Orange trees in one of Seville's hidden plazas 


Toledo Calle de Sixto Ramón Parro, me, watercolor, 42x56cm 


En mi pueblo de Torrox en Axarquia Costa del Sol 


Pincho de tortilla + doble for breakfast = instant spanish citizenship ❤️ 


Best-Selling car brands in each European Country including Spain of course. 


Checkmate, valencianos 


My favorite Spanish McDonalds menu item Cheeseburger with Iberic Ham


Hello Spain! I’m a Brit who likes to cook dishes from other countries. Today I made paella Valenciana. Please let me know your thoughts. 


Día 147 (mental) de cuarentena. Estoy comiendo los turrones que me regalaron en 2015 


Si sinyor mi amour 


On 27 September 1975 the last executions in Spain took place. 


Si otras banderas de Europa siguieran el estilo de la nuestra 


Me daba corte, pero hace poco decidí empezar a compartir mis viñetas. [OC] 


Santillana del Mar, Cantabria. 


In search of name of a Spanish song. Hello everyone, 

I was in stadium watching Spain vs Georgia for Euro 2024 Group stage game. After the match ended, a song which sounded Spanish to me was played. Does anyone know the name of this song being played in video? 

Thanks. 


El otro día leyendo un comic me di cuenta de que Batman y Superman estaban bebiendo "Stella Gallaecia" 


En este video se puede ver a trabajadores marroquíes limpiando túneles llenos de barro e inundaciones, recibiendo saludos y agradecimientos de otros marroquíes, en el marco de la colaboración entre España y Marruecos para rehabilitar las zonas afectadas por la DANA. 


This is Sevilla, Spain 


Spain charges pop singer Shakira with tax evasion for a second time 


Pesetas, más que 20 años después… Tenemos ya una generación que ni ha tocado una peseta, y sigue allí en los recibos del banco! 


They are eating the dogs! - Spanish Edition 


Rabo de toro con los colegas 


Perdón por ser pesado pero este mar de nubes desde la cima del Coriscao creo debe ser compartido 😉 


Just a Scottish boat going like... 


Miguel de Cervantes died on April 22nd, 405 years ago. 


El Valle de Toledo 


Plaza Mayor desde el aire. Madrid 


Statue of Neptune in Gran Canaria 


Really enjoyed Oviedo. First time in Asturias 


Cerveza barata pero casi sin muertes por alcohol. Vamos bien. 


Córdoba  


Please make sure your poopodrile embarks on its journey 


El mejor episodio de Shin-chan xD 


An early Roscon De Reyes! 🎄 


stormy summer sunset in Vigo (Galicia) 


El Retiro, el original de central park 


Madrid, end of alarm state (not my image) 


Estupendo pueblo blanco de Competa, Andalucia 


Madrid 


The whole of Croatia and especially Dinamo Zagreb fans supported you guys yesterday! Dani Olmo made two countries proud yesterday. We love our Olmić!!! 🇭🇷🇪🇸 


Thank you Spain🙏 


Es nuestro carácter 


Formato "ahorro" 


Predijeron Madrid 


¡Feliz día de Reyes! 


Imagina al capitán confundiendo Bologna, Italia con Bolonia, España 


Mientras tanto en Valladolid… 


Cántabros ahora: 


Dia 5 Estepona 


a pesar de todo, ganamos contra suiza!!!! 


Arte urbano en Madrid aprovechando la nevada (No soy el autor) 


Que empiece la guerra 


14 de abril de 1931 ¡Salud y República! 


Typical saturday morning in spain  


Roscón hecho en casa, ya es tradición 


French fellas just having a great time last night at Madrid 


Photo i took in Valencia! I'm an Erasmus student here and i already felt in love with this city! Loving Spain so far 🇪🇦 


Que gran país tenemos  


Fun fact: Spain is the first country to rank on every position from 1st to 26th at least once | credit: @eurovisionario on twitter 


Restaurant in Sevilla, me, watercolor, 42x56cm 


My trip to tenerife 


Roscón de Reyes que estoy preparando para mañana... 


Views from inside La Alhambra, Granada. OC[2160x3840] 


A taxi driver in Spain was known for taking patients to the hospital free of charge lately. He was coming to pick up a patient one day when doctors and nurses surprised him with a standing ovation, plus an envelope of money. 


Huh 


Empieza el verano 


Mi pequeño pueblo en la sierra de Gredos 


El mapa de los quesos de España 


no puedo más con este planeta 🤦🏼‍♂️ 🚀 


Flex 


Durante los años de mayor extensión del Imperio Español en América, 1790-1809, había 14.656km de distancia entre Puerto Valdés (Alaska) hasta Tierra de Fuego (Argentina) 


Spain only lost 10 jobs during the pandemic and already recovered 9 of them. Good job Spain! 


Reconstruction of medieval Seville in age of empires 2 


Head of Spanish police AML unit arrested as €20m cash found in his home; dirty money linked to 13 tonnes cocaine haul 


Granada as seen from La Alhambra 


Gaudi's Sagrada Familia viewed from the roof of Gaudi's La Pedrera. Shot by @boluddha 


Policies española analizando el ADN del excremento de perro para multar al dueño 


Burgos Cathedral 


Beautiful Seville 


Os presento... 


What a coincidence! 


Subtitle practice - Umbral and his book, part 2 


Tortuga Boba en Tenerife, Islas Canarias 


Lo siento amigos, ¡pero Portugal jugó muy bien! 


España llena vs. España vacía 


Salamanca. One of the most ancient University in the World. 


Se veía venir 


Duelo a garrotazos - Goya 


% de personas que se bañan cada día. Somos de los más limpios wow 


Home-made torrijas. Feliz Semana Santa confinada a todxs! 


In Spain, there is a museum showing two T-Rexes having sex 😂 


La historia de Pepa Flores está siendo descubierta internacionalmente 


Arqueología tecnológica en el siglo XXI. Lo que era indispensable ahora es casi chatarra para reciclar o una pieza de museo. 


A cartoon in a Turkish newspaper (1945) 


Feliz Noche de Reyes 


Hola to everyone in spain! from Canada. =) 


Una tarde alicantina 


Spain to end golden visas that grant residency to foreigners who buy a €500,000 home. “We do not want a speculative investment model with housing” 


La rima es solo una excusa. 


Más de 10 años viviendo en California y por fin encuentro mi bebida favorita! 


Poverty in post civil war Spain (Zaragoza 1955) 


Browsing r/spain vol. 2 


Comparing 10 photos of old Valencia and now (my photos) 


Gijón....😍 


Tren en movimiento en Extremadura... 


Canada, Japan and Spain are the top 3 most popular countries where people want to move to 


Ninguna provincia que rodea Madrid ha tenido un equipo de futbol en primera division 


I illustrated some maps of Spain 🇪🇸 I hope you like it, if you have more ideas, let me know! ✌️ 


Empty Spain vs. crowded Spain 


In Torrox, province of Malaga, white village, nicknamed the best climate in Europe 


¡Os quiero! 


España se enfrentará a Inglaterra en la final de la Eurocopa 2024 


Merry Christmas!!! Feliz Navidad!!! 


Happy Columbus Day. 2021 years old that my Spain has 😢🇪🇸 


Yesterday's dawn breaking over Galicia 


Gracias Unión Soviética, muy guay 


A British macaque basks in the sun during sunset with Spain in the background 


No se si los memes están permitidos pero aquí va uno 


Bonjourno. 


Chavales futboleros ahora mismo 


Hoy es el cumpleaños del actor Carlos Areces, conocido por decenas de películas y series de televisión, entre ellas "Balada triste de trompeta", "Los amantes pasajeros", "La que se avecina", "El pueblo" y muchas más. 


Hermanos, the English have declared war on you 


Normal que no encuentren trabajadores con este salario! 


Bilbao city has amazing wibes 


Felices vacas de Galicia 


Aerial view of Cádiz in Spain, one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in Western Europe! It was founded as Gadir or Agadir (𐤀𐤂𐤃𐤓) by Phoenicians from Tyre in 1104 BC. The expeditions of Himilco and of Hanno, the latter of whom discovered “gorillai,” began there. 


Happy Constitutional Day in Spain / Сегодня День Конституции в Испании 


España es de lejos el país con más donantes por millón 


El próximo Pokemon empieza a enseñar las variaciones regionales que encontraremos en el juego 


Average internet speed in Europe, Sept 2021 


¡Feliz Día Internacional del Trabajador! 


¡Hola! Sigo con la colección de renders en 3D de mapas antiguos de provincias españolas. Esta semana haré Galicia; hoy os dejo Ourense en 1946. Espero que os guste. 


Seen in Cadiz 


A Coruña <3 Windows XP 


typical iberian balcón 


What does this road sign mean Hi redditers, does anyone know what this road sign is for?

Found it in small city near Barcelona, Spain.
There is a steep uphill road after the turn and no pedestrian sidewalk.


Que descanse en paz, por la felicidad que nos ha dado 


Ya queda menos 


HBO: "La princesa blanca", presentan a Catalina de Aragón así... 


Reddit se está empezando a hacer viral y no me gusta lo que eso significa… 


Otoño en un pequeño pueblo de Soria 


A well-preserved Roman gate in Lugo (Spain). This city is the only centre in the world that is surrounded by completely intact Roman walls from the 3rd century CE. 


Vivimos en una suciedad 


No fun allowed 


I saw you Vegan Gazpacho and rise you with British mildly spicy-prawn-chorizo-chicken paella. 


El suelo...digo Extremadura es lava. 


Ofertón chavales 


Ciudades del mundo ubicadas a la misma latitud que ciudades de España 


Roscón de reyes esta mañana desde Vall d'Aran 


My girlfriend and I are english teachers in Madrid, and we were supposed to be going on a week-long trip to Croatia today. Instead, we’re staying home, in lockdown, for the foreseeable future. So here’s my favourite picture of us from our trip to Seville in December, when things weren’t so crazy. 


España se coordina con Irlanda y Noruega para reconocer el Estado de Palestina 


Most on-time EU airlines. Source in the comments 


Fotos de Andalusia (Al-Andalus) en periodo Islamico 


El bolsillo del español promedio tiembla... 


Mi mandarino 


I found my old coin collection from when I was a kid. 


Lagos de Covadonga  


I created an interactive map that shows where Erasmus exchanges go to 


Esta es la frontera mas corta y mas extraña de la historia. Es una frontera entre Peñón de Vélez de la Gomera un territorio de ultramar de España en África y Marruecos. También esto significa que España es un país transcontinental. Que Genial! 


Aviso de masturbación 


Yeah! Let’s sing! 


Torrox pueblo, despues de una rara lluvia 


Back to the beginning 


Torre del oro, Seville 


Algunos ermitaños sabían donde ponían las ermitas. Vivir con estas vistas es un privilegio. 


One of the biggest tree I saw ! In Cadiz! 


The famous "Lost Village" in Andalusia, in the province of Malaga 


Amazing Spanish Naval flag 


Granada hoy 🥵  


Shaded Relief map of the Peninsula Iberica (from 1956 map)  


Meteorito se desintegra por la zona sur de la península. 


El final de /r/Place y /r/esPlace no es el final [\/r\/esPlace 2022](

Por encima de todo ¡Gracias!

Las largas horas de emoción, frustración y estrés constante que pasamos en el subreddit del evento y en especial el Discord, fueron intensas.

En estos 3 días, [revivimos el viejo Discord]( abandonado de /r/Spain y /r/es, vimos una explosión de usuarios nuevos en prácticamente todas las comunidades que participaron en el evento, y demostramos lo mucho que hemos crecido.

Uno de los administradores originales del Discord, akvari, lo describe perfectamente:



Este año fuimos más. Muchos más. Y no acabó con los de /r/esPlace y el Discord:

r/catalunya , r/Galiza, r/realmadrid, r/Barca, r/Asi_va_Espana, r/basque, r/es, r/Andalucia, r/valencia, y muchos más.

También estuvieron de manera un poco más controversial r/ubius, r/LMDShow, r/Yointerneto, r/ibai, r/Carola, y probablemente más.

Y r/spain, en el que durante el evento anterior de Abril 2017 eramos 9.500 usuarios para pasar a ser 155.000 usuarios hoy.

Si sois nuevos, quedaros y [descubrid las otras comunidades de Reddit España]( Si sois veteranos, id a crear una comunidad nueva [sobre arroz]( ,  [alguna]( más sobre [Canarias]( si [os]( apetece, o cualquier cosa.

&#x200B;

[Había unos cuantos](


The preferred beer brands in Spain 


Nothing short of magic in Seville, Spain. 


From a receptionist in Mallorca 


Mercadona God 🗿 


ganarse la vida........ 


Analog photos from my trip to the Basque Country! Gracias for having me 


Spanish Fans and Croatian Fans sing in a restaurant before a football match. 


Feliz domingo Amig@s 


¡Hola a todos! Hoy tengo el gusto de compartir aquí -por fin- este render en 3D de Asturias que he hecho, basado en un mapa del IGN de 1950. Espero que os guste. 


¡Feliz sábado! Vista de Toledo 


Nueve formas de dividir España 


This is Sevilla, Spain 


Qué  


Spanish omelette at the 10.47 A. M.... 


Galicia | Mayo 2020 


leyendas😇⚽️ 


Spain in the Summer Olympics since 1992 


¡REYES DE EUROPA! La selección española de proclama campeona de la Eurocopa 2024 


Granada Cityscape 


En Aldi podéis comprar una tabla de madera curvada por 45 pavos. Rápido, que se agotan. 


Cadiz 


Chinese reporter faces racism by Real Madrid fans during post-game interview, shares emotional response in video. The grandson of Lorenzo Sanz, president of Real Madrid from 1995 to 2000, is the guy with red scarf 


